the security Zone these are Israeli
military Maps they show illegal Israeli
settlements in the occupied West
Bank the red lines Mark the borders of
what the Army describes as new security
zones these examples will be expanding
to many location in Westbank the
Palestinian Authority says the maps are
proof the Israeli government is using
security since the October the 7th Hamas
attacks as an excuse to implement its WR
planned illegal settlement expansion
before 7th of October they were saying
we are trying to solve a demographic
problem but after the 7th of October
they start saying that this is a
security issue this is a serious
security issue so we have to control and
to secure the settlements borders and
and whatever we're now in the area that
you just saw on those Maps there are
ilal Israeli settlers living just a few
hundred meters from here in Caravans in
that that direction the Palestinians
that have farmed this land for
Generations have now had it confiscated
by the Israeli military and the Army
says that it's a necessity in order to
expand a so-called security Zone around
illegal Israeli
settlements you can see Outpost Caravans
on the perimeter of the settlement a
recreation ground where children play
the Star of David on the nearby Hill
taik Osman looks out across his Olive
Groves that the Israeli Army took
control of just a few days
ago after the 7th of October they
stopped us going to our land even the
land away from the settlement they
kicked me out then 10 days ago they told
me they had confiscated it the Army does
whatever the settlers
want suddenly Israeli soldiers appear on
the opposite bank they approach of
forcing us to stop filming they detained
us for more than 2
hours this is Israel's Minister for
National Security itamir benir and
Finance Minister bzal smotrich far-right
members of Israel's governing Coalition
attending a recent conference advocating
settlement expansion smotrich later
posted a video of himself on
X settling creates security soldiers do
not guard settlers the settlers are the
security belt of the state of
Israel Israeli settler attacks against
Palestinians and their property in the
occupied West Bank have dramatically
increased since the war on Gaza
began the Army's confiscation of land
around illegal Israeli settlements
Palestinians say is more proof of Israel
breaking international law Charles
traford Al jazer de Isa in the occupied
West Bank what